Kim cannot abide her.
Several of the children had been sexually abused.
Nothing we can do will help.
Why is it that it rains all the time in England?
If necessary, we will leave.
We will leave if necessary.
She has to decide whether to go or not.
His story does not accord with witnesses' statements.
Can you account for how it happened?
He aimed for the shoulder, not the heart.
How many members does he have?
There is no choice but to amputate.
The Prime Minister resigned.
I can't answer (you) without information.
He appeared (to be) calm.
It appears (that) he is calm.
The rate is lower than last month's.
It appears as though I was wrong.
Let's assume he is wrong.
Being on his own, he hid.
Don't worry, it was an accident.
All you do is sit around on your arse.
Don't listen to others - be yourself.
Don't listen to others - try thinking.
By the time the letter reached them their sister had died.
Being bored is something she can't bear.
Bear up! -- this will soon be over.
The meeting began promisingly, but then things started to go wrong.
These changes always bite the elderly hard.
Don't try and bite off too much at once.
The interior of the house is still blackened from the fire / smoke.
He did not want to get involved.
Blend the ingredients together.
They blew the other team away in the second half.
I thought that after a few months the argument would blow over.
He sure blew his cool.
Your knee can't hurt that much.
That was a really stupid thing to do, you blundering idiot!
She blushes furiously whenever she sees him.
She bobbed (a curtsy) to the Queen.
The journalist boiled down his lengthy report to just a few paragraphs.
This pub was bombed a few years ago.
The gap between the unemployed and employers who need workers widened.
The jury brought in a verdict of not guilty.
She snogged the bishop a lot.
He need not have gone.
It was Ovitz who brokered the multi-billion dollar deal. 
He would brook no disagreement.
Houses were built to last a few years ago.
Quit bullshitting, will you!
Unable to escape, six people were burnt alive.
I am a bit busy.
Do the best you can.
Can it, please.
Did he see it coming?
My legs won't carry me any further.
I will live for ever.
We cannot employ people who don't work as hard as they should.
The ice is two inches thick.
He looked about, as if he were casing the joint.
In case he comes, we will leave.
Her attitude has changed for the better.
You look great as you are.
I'll change into something a bit smarter.
Tell him slowly and one thing at a time.
What if you'd had your passport stolen as well as your money!
First a broken leg and then a broken heart -- she was miserable.
His country was a free country and would always remain so.
Turn the music down a little.
The work that the students do during the year will count.
Women often devalue themselves, she said.
The government ought to be doing more to help the homeless.
She tried to palm her old car off on me.
He is smart enough to come.
He ate so many sweets that he was sick.
If he sat in the pond he would get sick.
Again and again he smiled.
No more than 21 were lost.
The penning in of the cattle was difficult.
He is in a mood to cause trouble.
Trouble free long life quality components are better.
It is hard to imagine how things could be worse.
He moved frrom rung to rung until he reached the top.
Is this the wrong moment to raise such an issue?
It is a problem akin to one we solved many years ago.
Work is a drug, success is a stimulus to work, and we are all addicted.
He flew from the airport to the oil field.
He offered Kim a job but Sandy nearly had a fit.
He tried to establish controls that were more or less effective.
It is made up of three pieces.
Have a clear out or hold a coffee morning.
He helped look after them.
A dog is an animal with four legs.
The North American frog is horrid.
I don't know what they are.
I can remember how I used to be.
I didn't tell you what Kim thought.
I want you to show me where the car went off.
It depends whether you think about what you're seeing.
Sandy stood wondering what their relationship was.
I would tell them where to go.
She nevers knows how to just say no.
One of these days I'll really show you how to play.
You must understand how to check their accuracy at recognized stages.
It made him a little sick, and he let go of her.
It was hotter and drier, but the grass was better.
As can be seen, the results are good.
His car is especially noteworthy.
