Berry got elected.
Its partners are United's pilots, who were to own 75%, and management at 10%.
They believe microeconomics is the key, not developing-country growth.
The technology is long in the tooth.
They are rolling out strong products of their own.
Please read this carefully before you begin.
Nance said that if pilot training, for instance, is ended, then we will strike.
A $39 ticket does not pay for the safety that Americans expect.
For information, go to http://www.go.co.uk.
Unless there's a sense of urgency, why are you shipping it by air?
Someone on the radio asked Master Sgt. D.M. Richardson a question.
His girlfriend, a former Harvard College hockey star, came along.
It has proven itself able to self-right.
If it happened in the tanks or elsewhere, it would be muffled.
At 4:30 a.m they limped home, their sleek boat full of bodies.
Think of all the disasters: AIDS, the Challenger explosion, floods.
But think of all the disasters: AIDS, the Challenger explosion, floods.
No wonder he died.
No matter how small, each find could provide clues.
Not only is he a pacifist, he is a republican too.
I consider him a friend as well as a colleague.
He got as many as his dad.
Please note: the editor is on holiday.
Seven of his command's aircraft crashed.
At 2:54 p.m Croatian time (4:54 a.m PST), the plane crashed.
After the bombing there that killed so many, they prayed.
The boy was considered a passenger (and) was not in control.
It will cost 4,000 French Francs ($800).
In the last days, and particularly during dinner, I've laughed a lot.
Boeing's tally includes the V-22 fighter; military vehicles; and the F-22.
His favourite TV show (Channel 4, Sex in the City, at 9 p.m) is on.
My office can tell you (Phone: 45 47 65 67, Fax: 47-30-50-20).
My office can tell you (Phone: 45 47 65 67; Fax: 47-30-50-20).
This financial/lifestyle story sold.
Albany, New York and Boston, Ma. voted democrat.
Loved ones came home in body bags.
He is three-quarters the size of Kim.
He is one third the size of Kim.
He is visiting capitals (Caracas, Venezula and Washington D.C., U.S.A).
Kim resigned in late 1991.
Sony picked partners -- Thompson Corp, Philips Plc, Pioneer.